What is Data Structure?
DS is the collection of values.

What are Algorithm?
These are the steps or processes we put into place to manipulate the collection of values and it allows us to write programs.

Data Structure + Algorithm = Program

Who are the good programmers? 
the person who knows data struture and algorithm are the good programmers.

-----------------------

What is Data Structure?
DS is the collection of values.
values can have relationship among them and they can have function applied to them.
each one is differnet in what it can do and what it is best used for.
each DS is good and specialised in its on thing. 

eg: school bag for books, folder for your documents, box for your toys. etc
each object is used for its own thing.
eg: I am not going to add my toys in folder or toys in my school bag.

we can put things in DS and we can retrive things when required in ordered way.

We have lots of Data Structure. but we don't have to use those in real life many of them are very specific.
we must have only 6 or 7 DS that are important. 
Link of DS: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_data_structures

Eg: bitcoin also uses its on DS that is Block Chain.

What we can store in DS: we can store Int, Strings, Boolean...etc.
arrays and objects are also a type of DS which allows us to store value in it.

important things to know about Data Structure?
1. how to build
2. how to use
--------------------

To understand how DS works we have to understand how computer works 
keep track of values like variables, strings, array.. etc. and these values are stored in RAM
and after that we have storage where we store file like video files music files etc.. it can be any thing SSD, pendrive, CD.. etc.

In storage your memory is perm. and in ram its temp. 
question comes in mind why we can not use storage if its perm. because it is slow.

what cpu do? it do all the calculation you can imagin it as a little worker.

in our ram the data are stored in form of address.
cpu is conneced to a memory controller, it does all the reading/writing of data from the ram.

cpu also collect the cache of the last task 

you can learn more about memory from the link: https://statmath.wu.ac.at/courses/data-analysis/itdtHTML/node55.html
memory register: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpnE6UAfbtU

Types of operations we can perform:
1. Insertion
2. Deletion
3. Searching
4. Traversal

 